Don't say it before you get out of here
You're not looking for someone
I want to murder you again and again
Tell me about your feelings.
After my investigation and speculation during this time
This matter will definitely be shared with Zhang Sen later.
But if we go to Zhang Sen now
Even if you beat him to death
He can't succeed either
And your Zhang Sen's power will definitely not be able to do this
So
OK
As expected of my good woman
That makes sense.
Su Lao, I think
Zhang Sen's group
And the black hand behind it
It's got to be something.
If I could play cards in the mall
The beautiful woman behind me must have sacrificed her life for me
Hmm, that makes sense.
That being the case
As long as you will marry my granddaughter
I will give you 100 million.
Beat the war head-on in business
Otherwise, you will always give me a mysterious soul
I'll tell you what.
If you dare to agree
I'll let you go when I say it
You don't like us, do you?
Still don't like our losers
Maybe it means something to an old man like me
No, no, no.
I lost to you and Miss Shu
Only gratitude and admiration
How could it be? Then why didn't you agree?
Hmph, you have an opinion on my brain pain.
lost
OK, lose that
I promise you.